# Legendary or "Convinced of his own greatness"
BigParse, a Legend in his own mind. Second cousin twice removed to rapper BigPun. Lives life way to seriously. Judges people and things prematurely and quite extensively (!observing, & no LifeSpec tests!) and therefore is wrong frequently. Somewhat tragically, you can count on BigParse to lose his cool, before having _any_ of the facts, and self-righteously assumes the worst about those closest to him. He hurts others with his foul ways.

Can often be seen ranting at people more intelligent than himself about how they believe the wrong things and how his way is vastly superior. This is despite the obvious fact that it is his perspective that is the sole cause. It starts the fire and then continues on fueling innumerable hardships for himself. Inevitably they must be manifested corporeally and external to us for the game to work. Hardships he refuses to acknowledge responsibility for and which he is subjected to continually like some greek mythological sisyphus. Always quick to emotion, you can count on BigParse to lose his cool, before having _any_ of the facts. He hurts those closest to him. Leaping to strike at their preoffered vulnerability like some kind of giddy emotional vampire. Where once a sea of calm, emotions violently shattering. Loudly to me as though i was present with an ear. whispy subtle masses of fragile loving interpersonal [+]karmic bonds. Torn usunder; as if a bull in the china shop of those hapless hearts. The universe eagerly rewarding him, yielding unto him [-]karma at an exponential rate . Ye, far in excess of his acts in isolation, it is his intentionality, his motives so utterly selfish, that bind his sin to him in an unholy union. Will, that double edged blade sharper than any sword.. more dangerous than any weapon. Surely that is his true enemy.
